Choices for code:

CS1: ISBN marker

I picked this assignment because it was the one I did for the rust assignment. Furthermore, I figgured that grabbing
user input would again be simple enough, Finally once I had that all I would need to do is compute some math to append
a marker onto the user's ISBN.

This was actually much simpler in Go. The best part about Go in the sense of this code was how simple it was to 
take the user's input. Then on top of it all it was easy to assign variables correctly and simply to different arrays.
Another nice thing is that Go only ha for loops (no while loops) and this made navigating everything simple. 


CS0: Rolling two dice

I picked this assignment because it was the one I did for the rust assignment. Moreover, nothing could be more simple
than randomly generating two dice rolls and then adding them together. I also wanted to see how importing libraries
in Go worked.

This code was extremely easy in Go, especially in comparison to rust. Instead of starting a whole seperate project
and making sure everyhting was imported and lined up perfeclty all i had to do was simply add two new imports. This
required two lines of code. One of the imports generated the random number and the other one was used to make a 
random seed in order to generte different random numbers each time the code was ran. Overall, this code was extremely
friendly. 


CS0: Rock, Paper, Scissors

I picked this assignment because it was the one I did for the rust assignment. Again, I had confidence in my ability
to recieve user input and base logic around that. Moreover, coding always seems easier when it is on something that
you are enjoying, and creating a little rock, paper, scissors game, or any game really, is always entertaining.

In Go, this code was easy and in fact easier than in rust just because of how simple it is to recieve user input. 
The only downside I found was that either my brain was just not understanding things correctly (which is very possible)
but I had a weird trip up with the logic of my if..else statements. However, this was only a slight trip up and putting 
the correct logic behind a 5 round rock, paper, scissor game was simple enough. 